feat(notifications): add title to the Notifications' table (#27568)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/khaki-pugs-perform.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-notifications': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-notifications': patch
```
Package is below 1.x so a `patch` changeset is enough for introducing new non breaking features.

---

> Added title to the Notifications' table. The title clearly states the filter selectino and total count of messages. This change aligns the look and fel closer to other tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added title to the Notifications' table. The title clearly states the filter selectin and total count of messages. This change aligns the look and feel closer to other tables.
```

Author: done
